** Which variables/coefficient provided a non-random amount of variance to the mpg values in the dataset?
Based on the results of the multiple linear regression model vehicle.length and ground.clearance (and interecept) 
provided non-random amounts of variance to the mpg values as their probabiliy, Pr(>|t|), values were far below the 
significance level of 0.05 with values of 3.05e-12 and 2.13e-08 (and 1.87e-08), respectively.


** Is the slope of the linear model considered to be zero? Why or why not?
The slope of the linear model is not considered to be zero becasue the overall p-value of the model was 2.277e-11, 
which is far below the 0.05 significance level, thereby providing enough evidence to reject the null hypothesis that 
the slope is zero.


** Does the linear model predict mpg of MechaCar prototypes effectively? Why or why not?
The Multiple R-squared value is 0.7032, indicating that the model can predict the mpg of MechaCar prototypes around 70% of the time based on the independent variables 
we have included in the model. Although 70% is a pretty good score to predict miles per gallon, there were only two significant variables found in the model. This may 
indicate that the model is overfitting the data. Noneteeless, in terms of predicting miles per gallon, a variable that has less to do with safety, this is a good start 
and after introducing additional variables to improve the prediction model's performance and alleviate possible overfitting, this can prove to be an effective model.


** Summary Statistics for Suspension Coil Data
Based on the summary statistics for the suspension coil data, the pounds per inch data had a mean of 1,499, median of 1,500, variance of 62.3, and standard deviation of 
7.9. Since the variance did not exceed the variance limit of 100 pounds per inch, the data meets the design specifications. Furthermore, since the median and mean are 
similar (only off by 1), this indicates that the data is likely to be symmetrical. Furthermore, the standard deviation is small compared to the average, so most of the 
data points are concentrated near the average. Thus, the data is likely to be normally distributed with no skew.


Based on the one-sample t-test for pounds per inch of suspension coil data, the null hypothesis could not be rejected since there was a p-value of 0.06 which exceeds the 
significance level of 0.05. Thus, the suspension coil’s pound-per-inch data is statistically similar to the population data.


** Think critically about what metrics you would think would be of interest to a consumer (cost, fuel efficiency, color options, etc.).
When designing a study to compare the MechaCar to other vehicle competition, the metrics that should be looked at include both numerical and categorical data. 
Numerical data could include cost, horsepower, and fuel efficiency measured in miles per gallon. Fuel efficency can even be further expanded to include city versus highway 
miles per gallon. In addition to numerical data, categorical data will also be important to compare. Dichotamous data can included such as the availability of certain 
features like cruise control, rear view cameras, GPS systems, etc. Nominal data such as engine type, transmission type, color, and drivetrain will also be important to 
include in the data set. Lastly, ordinal data can be included if ratings for the vehicles are available from already existing models or results from trial testing.


** Determine what question we would ask, what the null and alternative hypothesis would be to answer that question, and what statistical test could be used to test 
this hypothesis.
The question that should be asked is can two competing vehicles ratings be predicted based on the same metrics as described before? The null hypothesis would be that the 
metrics do not impact future ratings and the alternative hypothesis would be that the metrics do impact ratings. A paired two sample t-test can be designed to determine if 
the ratings data is statistically significant, then correlation matrices can be made for each vehicle, and finally mutliple linear regression models can be built to predict 
the average ratings of a vehicle based on specific design metrics. Then the predicted ratings can be compared between the two vehicles.


** Knowing what test should be used, what data should be collected? Hint: Look at the cheat sheetPreview the document for required variables.
Although ratings data is usually considered ordinal categorical data, we will use it as numerical data so that it can be put through the linear regression model. 
Numerical ratings data should be collected so that it can be used as the dependent variable, and other numerical data as discussed previously such as cost, horsepower, 
and the different variations of fuel efficiency should be collected to be used as the independent variables.
